Update doc for NEST Server (#9)
sarakonradi/nest-simulator: doc/guides/nest_server.rst

NEST Server
===========

What is NEST Server?
--------------------

> NEST Server is a server backend interacting with NEST Simulator engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEST Server is a server backend interacting with the NEST Simulator engine.
```

> It enables users to retrieve data from NEST Simulator on other machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It enables users to retrieve data from NEST Simulator on other machines.
```

> NEST Server was initially developed as a backend for NEST Desktop, a web interface as a frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEST Server was initially developed as a backend for NEST Desktop, a web-based GUI application for NEST Simulator, and could be installed via ``pip``.
```

> The idea was to design a client-server architecture concept for NEST Desktop ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The idea was to design a client-server architecture concept for the NEST Desktop ecosystem.
```

> However, the full operation of NEST Server requires PyNEST, a Python interface of NEST Simulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, the full operation of NEST Server requires PyNEST, the Python interface to NEST.
```

> Previously, NEST Server was specially developed for NEST Desktop which can be installed via ``pip``.

Reviewer: I would suggest removing this sentence and mentioning ``pip`` in the first sentence (see above).

> With greater interest on NEST Server, NEST Server was migrated to NEST Simulator code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With growing interests in a server backend, NEST Server was migrated to the NEST Simulator code.
```

> Since NEST 3.0, NEST Server is integrated in NEST Simulator source code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From NEST 3.0 onward, NEST Server is integrated in NEST Simulator source code.
```

> To achieve this goal the interface of NEST Server is generalized for a board application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To achieve this goal, the interface of NEST Server is generalized for a board application.
```

> To achieve this goal the interface of NEST Server is generalized for a board application.

Reviewer: Could we clarify the goal?

> Under the hood, RESTful API of NEST Server forwards command calls to NEST Simulator directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, the RESTful API of NEST Server forwards command calls to NEST Simulator directly.
```

Additionally, NEST Server provides an execution of Python code script with NEST Simulator.

What is it good for?
--------------------

.. figure:: ../../_static/img/nest_server.png
    :align: center
    :alt: NEST Server concept
    :width: 240px

NEST Server can be considered as a backend coupling with NEST Simulator.

> This backend can be deployed locally, on remote machine or in a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This backend can be deployed locally, on a remote machine or in a container.
```

The separation of the frontend and the backend ensures the independence of these systems.

> It means that NEST Server can be deployed locally or in a encapsulated container such as docker engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It means that NEST Server can be deployed locally or in an encapsulated container such as Docker Engine.
```

Installation
------------

> The source code of NEST Server is integrated in NEST Simulator code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source code of NEST Server is integrated in the NEST Simulator code.
```

> It means that NEST Server will also installed in the compilation progress of NEST Simulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It means that NEST Server will also be installed in the compilation progress of NEST Simulator.
```

.. tabs::

    .. tab:: Terminal (Linux/macOS)

>         You need to install requirements before you start NEST Server instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Install all requirements before starting a NEST Server instance:
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            apt-get update
            apt-get install build-essential python3-dev python3-pip
            python3 -m pip install RestrictedPython uwsgi flask flask-cors

>         A command ``nest-server`` is provided to manage the operation of NEST Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The ``nest-server`` command allows you to manage the NEST Server operations.
```

>         A plain command-line to start NEST Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       2. To start NEST Server, enter:
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            nest-server start

>         Command-line options for ``nest-server start``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The command line options for ``nest-server start`` are:
```

        -d          Daemonize the server process

>         -o          Print all output to both the console and to the log

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        -o          Print all output to both the console and log
```

        -h <HOST>   Use hostname/IP address <HOST> for the server [default: 127.0.0.1]
        -p <PORT>   Use port <PORT> for opening the socket [default: 5000]
        -u <UID>    Run the server under the user with ID <UID>

    .. tab:: Docker

>         NEST Server is implemented in NEST since the version 3.0.

Reviewer: We can remove this (repetition of line 17).

>         Pull an image or a repository from a registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        1. Pull an image or a repository from a registry:
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            docker pull nest-sim/nest:3.0

>         Check the docker hub for more information of NEST container: `<https://hub.docker.com/r/nestsim/nest>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        2. Check `Docker Hub <https://hub.docker.com/r/nestsim/nest>`_  for more information on the NEST container:
```

>         Run a command in a new container for NEST Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        3. Run a command in a new container for NEST Server:
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            docker run -it --rm -e LOCAL_USER_ID=`id -u $USER` -p 5000:5000 nestsim/nest:latest nest-server

        Usage:	docker run [OPTIONS] IMAGE [COMMAND] [ARG...]

        -i, --interactive                    Keep STDIN open even if not attached
        -t, --tty                            Allocate a pseudo-TTY
        --rm                                 Automatically remove the container when it exits
        -e, --env list                       Set environment variables
        -d, --detach                         Run container in background and print container ID
        -p, --publish list                   Publish a container's port(s) to the host

>         For more information, check the page `<https://github.com/nest/nest-docker>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, check the `nest-docker <https://github.com/nest/nest-docker>`_ repository on GitHub.
```

Getting started
---------------

> Once NEST Server is started, you can send requests to NEST Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upon starting NEST Server, you can send requests to it.
```

> Here, we provide instructions from different interfaces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here are the instructions from different interfaces:
```

.. tabs::

>     .. tab:: Web-Browser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .. tab:: Web browser
```

>         Many Web-Browsers are able to retrieve data from NEST Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Many web browsers are able to retrieve data from NEST Server.
```

>         It displays response data in JSON format of a successful GET requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        It displays response data in the JSON format with successful GET requests.
```

        Once NEST Server is started, check if it is working.
          `<http://localhost:5000>`__.
        A list of call functions
            `<http://localhost:5000/api>`__
        A list of models
            `<http://localhost:5000/api/Models>`__
        Default values of neuron model: IAF cond alpha

>             `<http://localhost:5000/api/GetDefaults?model=iaf_cond_alpha>`__

Reviewer: Does not render properly. Please check!

        .. note::

>             Some Browser (e.g. Firefox) cannot display JSON data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Some browsers (e.g., Firefox) cannot display JSON data.
```

>             Instead it shows syntax error because it cannot parse ``-infinite`` value (e.g. ``V_min`` of ``iaf_psc_alpha``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Instead, they show syntax errors because they cannot parse ``-infinite`` values (e.g. ``V_min`` of ``iaf_psc_alpha``).
```

>             However you still can view raw data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            However, you still can view the raw data.
```

>         You cannot send POST requests in Web-Browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You cannot send POST requests in the web browser.
```

>         Please consider other interfaces for POST requests method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Please consider other interfaces for the POST requests method.
```

    .. tab:: Terminal (Linux/macOS)

>         In Terminal ``curl`` is a preferred command-line tool for transfering data to NEST Server. For more information about cURL, visit the website `<https://curl.se/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In your Terminal, ``curl`` is the preferred command line tool for transferring data to NEST Server. For more information, please visit the `curl website <https://curl.se/>`_.
```

>         A simple command in Terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Here is a simple Terminal command:
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            curl localhost:5000

>         NEST Server responds data in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        NEST Server responds to the data in JSON format.
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            {"nest":"master@b08590af6"}

>         You can retrieve data from built-in functions of NEST Simulator via RESTful API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You can retrieve data from the built-in functions of NEST Simulator via RESTful API.
```

        Get a list of functions:

        .. code-block:: sh

            curl localhost:5000/api

        .. note::

            You can display fancy outputs with ``curl -s`` and ``jq -r .``.

            A sample command line to show build-in functions:

            .. code-block:: sh

                curl -s localhost:5000/api | jq -r .

>             For more detailed information, check the page `<https://stedolan.github.io/jq/>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            For more detailed information, check the `jq documentation <https://stedolan.github.io/jq/>`_.
```

        Retrieve models of NEST Simulator:

        .. code-block:: sh

            curl localhost:5000/api/Models

        Retrieve selective models containing 'iaf'.

        .. code-block:: sh

            curl localhost:5000/api/Models?sel=iaf

>         **Advance hacking**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Advanced hacking**
```

>         For POST requests to NEST API Server we recommend to use a bash function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For POST requests to the NEST API Server, we recommend to use a Bash function.
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            #!/bin/bash
            NEST_API=localhost:5000/api

            nest-server-api() {
                if [ $# -eq 2 ]
                then
                    curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d "$2" $NEST_API/$1
                else
                    curl $NEST_API/$1
                fi
            }

>         Now, we can send requests to NEST API Server with this function ``nest-api``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Now, we can send requests to NEST API Server using the ``nest-api`` function:
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            # Reset kernel
            nest-server-api ResetKernel

            # Create nodes
            nest-server-api Create '{"model": "iaf_psc_alpha", "n": 2}'
            nest-server-api Create '{"model": "poisson_generator", "params": {"rate": 6500.0}}'
            nest-server-api Create '{"model": "spike_recorder"}'

            # Connect nodes
            nest-server-api Connect '{"pre": [3], "post": [1,2], "syn_spec": {"weight": 10.0}}'
            nest-server-api Connect '{"pre": [1,2], "post": [4]}'

            # Simulate
            nest-server-api Simulate '{"t": 1000.0}'

            # Get events
            nest-server-api GetStatus '{"nodes": [4], "keys": "n_events"}'

        **Execute simulation script in NEST Server**

        You can send executable simulation code to ``localhost:5000/exec``.

>         However, this approach might be challenged for the ``curl`` function which could not fit in a single command-line. We recommend to use file ``simulation_script.json`` as data file for curl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        However, this approach might be challenged for the ``curl`` function, which could not fit in a single command line. We recommend to use the ``simulation_script.json`` file for ``curl``:
```

        .. code-block:: json

            {
              "source": "import nest\n# Reset kernel\nnest.ResetKernel()\n# Create nodes\nparams = {'rate': 6500.}\npg = nest.Create('poisson_generator', 1, params)\nneurons = nest.Create('iaf_psc_alpha', 1000)\nsr = nest.Create('spike_recorder')\n# Connect nodes\nnest.Connect(pg, neurons, syn_spec={'weight': 10.})\nnest.Connect(neurons[::10], sr)\n# Simulate\nnest.Simulate(1000.0)\n# Get events\nn_events = nest.GetStatus(sr, 'n_events')[0]\nprint('Number of events:', n_events)\n",
              "return": "n_events"
            }

>         Then execute curl for run simulation script from the file ``simulation_script.json``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Then, execute ``curl`` for the run simulation script from the ``simulation_script.json`` file.
```

        .. code-block:: sh

          curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -d @simulation_script.json http://localhost:5000/exec

    .. tab:: Python

>         Python provide ``requests`` package for this purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Python provides the ``requests`` package for this purpose.
```

>         For more information, check the pages:
>           - `<https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/>`__
>           - `<https://pypi.org/project/requests/>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For more information, check the `HTTP for Humans <https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/master/>`_ and `Requests <https://pypi.org/project/requests/>`_ pages.
```

>         Install ``requests`` in Terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Install ``requests`` in your Terminal.
```

        .. code-block:: sh

            python3 -m pip install requests

>         Now, you are able to send requests to NEST Server in Python interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Now, you are able to send requests to NEST Server in the Python interface.
```

        .. code-block:: Python

            import requests
            requests.get('http://localhost:5000').json()

        Display a list of models

        .. code-block:: Python

            requests.get('http://localhost:5000/api').json()

        Reset kernel in NEST engine (no response).

        .. code-block:: Python

            requests.get('http://localhost:5000/api/ResetKernel').json()

        Display a list of selective models containing 'iaf'.

        .. code-block:: Python

            requests.post('http://localhost:5000/api/Models', json={"sel": "iaf"}).json()

        Create neurons in NEST engine and it returns a list of node ids.

        .. code-block:: Python

            neuron = requests.post('http://localhost:5000/api/Create', json={"model": "iaf_psc_alpha", "n": 100}).json()
            print(neuron)

        .. note::

>             With this approach we build NEST Server Client, a class for Python Interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            With this approach, we build NEST Server Client which is a Python class.
```

>             See more info in NEST Server Client section below.

Reviewer: Here, we can add a ``:ref:`` to the next section.

    .. tab:: JavaScript

>         If you want to use web-pages as frontend, the script language is JavaScript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If you want to use the front end of a website, the script language is JavaScript.
```

        JavaScript provides libraries for sending requests to the server.
        Here, we create a basic HTML construction for GET requests using ``XMLHttpRequest``.

        .. code-block:: HTML

            <!DOCTYPE html>
            <html>
              <head>
                <meta charset="utf-8" />
              </head>
              <body>
                <script>
                  const xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
                  xhr.open("GET", "http://localhost:5000");
                  xhr.addEventListener("readystatechange", () => {
                    if (xhr.readyState === 4) {                           // request done
                      console.log(xhr.responseText);
                    }
                  });
                  xhr.send(null);
                </script>
              </body>
            </html>

        **API requests**

>         Here, we define a function with callback for GET requests in previous HTML code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Here, we define a function with callback for GET requests in the previous HTML code.
```

        .. code-block:: JavaScript

            function getAPI(call, callback=console.log) {
                const xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
                xhr.addEventListener("readystatechange", () => {
                    if (xhr.readyState === 4) {                           // request done
                        callback(xhr.responseText);
                    }
                });
                xhr.open("GET", "http://localhost:5000/api/" + call);     // send to api route of NEST Server
                xhr.send(null);
            }

        Now, we can send API-request to NEST Server.

        .. code-block:: JavaScript

            getAPI('Models');                                             // a list of models

        Next, we want to use API-requests with data.

>         A POST request can handle data in JSON-format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        A POST request can handle the data in JSON-format.
```

        Thus, we define a function with callback for POST requests.

        .. code-block:: JavaScript

            function postAPI(call, data, callback=console.log) {
                const xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
                xhr.addEventListener("readystatechange", () => {
                    if (xhr.readyState === 4) {                           // request done
                        callback(xhr.responseText);
                    }
                });
                xhr.open("POST", "http://localhost:5000/api/" + call);    // send to api route of NEST Server
                xhr.setRequestHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Headers', 'Content-Type');
                xhr.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/json');
                xhr.send(JSON.stringify(data));                           // serialize data
            }

        Here, we can send API-request to NEST Server.

        .. code-block:: JavaScript

            postAPI('GetDefaults', {"model": "iaf_psc_alpha"});           // default values of iaf_psc_alpha

>         In summary, two functions was defined to retrieve data from NEST Simulator via RESTful API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In summary, two functions were defined to retrieve data from NEST Simulator via RESTful API.
```

>         **Send executable Python-script**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        **Send executable Python script**
```

        A code block for the complete simulation can be executed in NEST Server.

>         For this purpose, we use `exec` route of NEST Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        For this purpose, we use the `exec` route of NEST Server.
```

        Here, we define a function with callback for POST requests to execute a script.

        .. code-block:: JavaScript

            function execScript(source, returnData="data", callback=console.log) {
                const data = {"source": source, "return": returnData};
                const xhr = new XMLHttpRequest();
                xhr.addEventListener("readystatechange", () => {
                    if (xhr.readyState === 4) {                           // request done
                        callback(xhr.responseText);
                    }
                });
                xhr.open("POST", "http://localhost:5000/exec");           // send to exec route of NEST Server
                xhr.setRequestHeader('Access-Control-Allow-Headers', 'Content-Type');
                xhr.setRequestHeader('Content-Type', 'application/json');
                xhr.send(JSON.stringify(data));                           // serialize data
            }

        Now, we can send an executable Python script to NEST Server.

        .. code-block:: JavaScript

            execScript("data = nest.GetDefaults('iaf_psc_alpha')");       // default values of iaf_psc_alpha

>         A HTML client interfacing NEST Server API was prepared by Steffen Graber.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        An HTML client interfacing NEST Server API was prepared by Steffen Graber.
```

>         You can find sample source code here: `<https://github.com/steffengraber/nest-jsclient>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        You can find the sample source code `here <https://github.com/steffengraber/nest-jsclient>`_.
```

NEST Server Client
------------------

NEST Server Client is a Python class communicating with NEST Server.

> This client-server architecture concept enables users to execute simulation on client side without a need of NEST simulation engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This client-server architecture concept enables users to execute simulations on the client side without the need for a NEST simulation engine.
```

**API requests**

> NEST Server Client has a dynamic method system which accepts same method names as in PyNEST.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEST Server Client has a dynamic method system which accepts the same method names as those in PyNEST.
```

It only forwards calls and its arguments towards NEST Simulator.
In the end, it looks like a typical simulation code for NEST Simulator.
Here, we show a comparison of codes for PyNEST and codes using NEST Server Client.

.. list-table::

>     * - Script in PyNEST (``simulation_script.py``)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * - **Script in PyNEST** (``simulation_script.py``)
```

>       - Script via NEST Server Client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - **Script via NEST Server Client**
```

            sr = nest.Create("spike_recorder")

            # Connect nodes
            nest.Connect(pg, neurons, syn_spec={'weight': 10.})
            nest.Connect(neurons[::10], sr)

            # Simulate
            nest.Simulate(1000.0)

            # Get events
            n_events = nest.GetStatus(sr, 'n_events')[0]
            print('Number of events:', n_events)

      - .. code-block:: Python

            from NESTServerClient import NESTServerClient
            nsc = NESTServerClient()

            # Reset kernel
            nsc.ResetKernel()

            # Create nodes
            params = {"rate": 6500.}
            pg = nsc.Create("poisson_generator", 1, params)
            neurons = nsc.Create("iaf_psc_alpha", 1000)
            sr = nsc.Create("spike_recorder")

            # Connect nodes
            nsc.Connect(pg, neurons, syn_spec={'weight': 10.})
            nsc.Connect(neurons[::10], sr)

            # Simulate
            nsc.Simulate(1000.0)

            # Get events
            n_events = nsc.GetStatus(sr, 'n_events')[0]
            print('Number of events:', n_events)

**Requests to execute scripts**

> The NEST Server Client sends executable script to NEST Server with the ``exec_script`` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The NEST Server Client sends executable scripts to NEST Server with the ``exec_script`` method.
```

.. note::

    You do not need to import modules in code script.

>     By default, only PyNEST module is registered in starting progress of NEST Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By default, only PyNEST modules are registered during the starting progress of NEST Server.
```

>     In case, you want to work with other modules, see the section *Importing modules* below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In case you want to work with other modules, see the section *Importing modules* below.
```

>     In case, you want to work with other modules, see the section *Importing modules* below.

Reviewer: This could be a ``:ref:`` too.

> Here, you can see simple codes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can see a simple code:
```

.. code-block:: Python

    from NESTServerClient import NESTServerClient
    nsc = NESTServerClient()
    response = nsc.exec_script("print('Hello world!')")
    print(response['stdout'])                                             # 'Hello world!'
    response = nsc.exec_script("models=nest.Models()", 'models')
    models = response['data']
    print(models)                                                         # a list of models

> NEST Server Client is able to reads script from file with the ``from_file`` method and then executes it on server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NEST Server Client is able to read scripts from files via the ``from_file`` method and then executes it on the server side.
```

> The code can be taken from typical Python script (e.g. ``simulation_script.py`` in left column in Python section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code can be taken from a typical Python script (e.g. ``simulation_script.py`` in left column in Python section).
```

.. code-block:: Python

    from NESTServerClient import NESTServerClient
    nsc = NESTServerClient()
    response = nsc.from_file('simulation_script.py', 'n_events')
    n_events = response['data']
    print('Number of events:', n_events)

Limitations and security implications
-------------------------------------

> The code execute function of Python follows with a security risk on server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code execute function of Python comes with a security risk on the server side.
```

> An unauthorized access with Python script could corrupt the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An unauthorized access with a Python script could corrupt the system.
```

> To ensure to keep the server secure, we created a trusted environment with limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure keeping the server secure, we created a trusted environment with a limitation.
```

The limitation helps the server to control module imports.

> Moreover RestrictedPython perserves a high security standard on server side.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover RestrictedPython preserves a high security standard on the server side.
```

.. note::

    RESTful API is not affected from the restricted environment.

**Run with Python modules**

> You are not able to import any modules in code execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are not able to import any modules during code execution.
```

> With starting NEST Server, all registered modules are imported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When starting NEST Server, all registered modules are imported.
```

Here, we show codes to register more modules for code execution in NEST Server.

> As an example, we want to run script with numpy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, we want to run a script with NumPy.
```

.. code-block:: sh

    export NEST_SERVER_MODULES=nest,numpy
    nest-server start

Then, execute a code to create an array of NumPy and return it as list.

.. code-block:: Python

    from NESTServerClient import NESTServerClient
    nsc = NESTServerClient()
    response = nsc.exec_script("a = numpy.arange(10)", 'a')
    print(response['data'][::2])                                          # [0, 2, 4, 6, 8]

**RestrictedPython**

> RestictedPython is a tool helps to define a trusted environment and to execute untrusted code inside of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RestictedPython is a tool helps defining a trusted environment and to execute untrusted code inside of it.
```

> By default, NEST Server runs with restricted environment (with RestrictedPython).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, NEST Server runs in a restricted environment with RestrictedPython.
```

> However, some code might not work in restriction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, some code might not work when restricted.
```

We also implemented an option to turn off the trusted environment.

.. warning::

>     In case without RestrictedPython you should be aware of security risk of the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Without RestrictedPython, you should be aware of security risks to the server.
```

> We show steps how to run NEST Server without restricted environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run NEST Server without a restricted environment, follow these steps:
```

.. code-block:: sh

    export NEST_SERVER_RESTRICTION_OFF=true
    nest-server start

.. code-block:: Python

    from NESTServerClient import NESTServerClient
    nsc = NESTServerClient()
    response = nsc.exec_script("print(nest.__version__)")
    print(response['stdout'])                                             # 'HEAD@ef42c5f2f'

> Tools that use NEST Server

Reviewer: I would add a sentence prior to the list, e.g., "A variety of tools use NEST Server, including the"

--------------------------

  - Backend for NEST Desktop (contact person: Sebastian Spreizer)

>   - Interface for NeuroRobotics Platform (contact person: Jochen Martin Eppler)

Reviewer: Should we link these?
